Oct 28 2014 | edX | Kelly Chan
# Cygwin

- `cygcheck -c`: check the versions of all packages
- `cygcheck -c cygwin`: check the version of Cygwin
- `rm -f filename`: remove a file
- `tar xf xxx.tar.gz`: unzip a file


paths

    Copying skeleton files.
    These files are for the users to personalise their cygwin experience.
    
    They will never be overwritten nor automatically updated.
    
    './.bashrc' -> '/home/Administrator//.bashrc'
    './.bash_profile' -> '/home/Administrator//.bash_profile'
    './.inputrc' -> '/home/Administrator//.inputrc'
    './.profile' -> '/home/Administrator//.profile'


### Installing packages

cmd

    cd c:\cygwin
    setup.exe -q -P wget,tar,qawk,bzip2,subversion,vim
  
cygwin

    $ svn --force export http://apt-cyg.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ /bin/ 
    $ chmod +x /bin/apt-cyg

  
installing pakcages

    $ apt-cyg install nano
    $ apt-cyg install git
    $ apt-cyg install ca-certificates


### .bash_profile

    # To the extent possible under law, the author(s) have dedicated all
    # copyright and related and neighboring rights to this software to the
    # public domain worldwide. This software is distributed without any warranty.
    # You should have received a copy of the CC0 Public Domain Dedication along
    # with this software.
    # If not, see <http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>.

    # base-files version 4.2-3

    # ~/.bash_profile: executed by bash(1) for login shells.

    # The latest version as installed by the Cygwin Setup program can
    # always be found at /etc/defaults/etc/skel/.bash_profile

    # Modifying /etc/skel/.bash_profile directly will prevent
    # setup from updating it.

    # The copy in your home directory (~/.bash_profile) is yours, please
    # feel free to customise it to create a shell
    # environment to your liking.  If you feel a change
    # would be benifitial to all, please feel free to send
    # a patch to the cygwin mailing list.

    
